Gwenevere Abriel: Accidentally removed you. I'm so sorry. I don't know what happened there. Um, Bianca. Can you hear me.
Bianca Garcia: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, sorry. I'm using a wrapped up and I am learning how to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I can see you. I have my picture up right now.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: A little lightheaded. I've got to be able to eat here. So I'm just going to take a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: So our you're on a laptop that's fantastic. Does that mean that you kind of also have
Gwenevere Abriel: The setup with two containers two objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually laptop might be big enough. I don't need those containers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. So tell me a little bit. I notice is odd, but I don't want you to see me eating and I don't want to pass out. So what I'm tell me a little bit about your stress level. You've had some history of anxiety. What's your stress level been like
Bianca Garcia: Oh, well, it varies today and
Bianca Garcia: It could vary from day to day, but yeah, I had a high stress level.
Bianca Garcia: In the past,
Bianca Garcia: And and now I feel, I feel a little better. I haven't had too much, just, it's just a little stressful with, you know,
Bianca Garcia: This thing at home and and having the kids 24 seven in them not being able to go to school and interact, you know, with their friends and people so that's that's that's a little stressful for all of us. And I in, you know, have them, it's always more stressful on us and then them.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, so, so it is it's it's it's not high but it's, it's, it's, I have some stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: And house a relationship between you and your husband.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, we're fine. Everything's fine. We know there hasn't been any arguments or problems.
Bianca Garcia: At any recent anything like that everything's been neutral.
Bianca Garcia: It's just dealing with, you know, the home and keep being home.
Bianca Garcia: You know, safe and kids and just, you know, normal stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So take this time to sort of set up some privacy maybe get your daughter, something that she can do that could be kind of fun for maybe the next 45 minutes
Bianca Garcia: Oh yeah, she she's gone. They're all gone, she was just asking me for something, but I couldn't find it for her. So she left, but I was trying to grab it for her but purified
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to take some time to look for
Bianca Garcia: She's, she's got it. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on, affecting your sleep.
Bianca Garcia: Um, yeah, sometimes I have not. Well, sleep, but, uh,
Bianca Garcia: I try and get as much sleep as possible, but there is days that I can't sleep like I'm like tossing and turning, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm around I'm moving so much. I'm already kind of nauseous from not eating. Is there any way that I can stop moving for a minute. Is it is or what. Why is it so wobbly. You can't tell if that's on your side.
Bianca Garcia: Oh my
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, I don't know.
Bianca Garcia: I have it I it's just down the laptop. I don't have in
Bianca Garcia: Here, let me see if I can move in place it somewhere songs on
It. See, this works better.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was on your needs. Is that a possibility. Was it on your knees.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, yeah. Yeah, maybe. But I was a movie. Maybe it was just a little tremble, that was going on that you could tell. Wow, I can't. I if you could tell real everything how with with the laptop with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can tell it's now stationary. Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very cool. All right, because I was already kind of nauseous.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, sorry. I do want to make you more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's continue to set this up. Don't get too distracted with the fact that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's taking some time to get this setup. I would rather this laptop be sitting on a sink in a bathroom. Then you not be alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that sounds really odd, but I know
Gwenevere Abriel: So even though we're kind of clumping around this morning, don't, don't let that distract you see if you can find somewhere with this block talk concert stationary and you can be alone.
Bianca Garcia: I'm alone, and I am on the put it where it's not on my knees. It's down sturdy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can you turn the computer to the, what is that your left.
Bianca Garcia: By law,
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: This all the way. Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your kitchen. It's pretty likely that people are going to want to go in and out of the kitchen. Don't you think
Bianca Garcia: Well, I'm in my living room, but that we use a kitchen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Right babies in my room with my husband, and so I don't know, or should I go to the bathroom. Usually I stay in here when I talk to you.
Bianca Garcia: You guys don't come in here. Okay. Nick Cave listening, your room.
Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, a lot of our. A lot of my clients have kids and it doesn't take one effort it takes like several efforts of making sure
Gwenevere Abriel: That those kids are occupied. It takes more than it can kids are kids, they want to play with you. They want to hang out with you. So it takes a little bit of time and that
Gwenevere Abriel: Out it though.
Bianca Garcia: They're in their rooms. So this is the first time she came in and but I gave my phone to my daughter. So the little one. So she should be occupied with a little games and stuff, but usually they're very good about it. I'm always alone in the living room.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, so today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry. No, it's okay. So two things. If it changes, meaning, someone comes in and just fluidly don't apologize. Just take care of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because no matter what you can't bypass the fact that this is your home. This is where your family is okay, your number one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that you're going to have family to take care of you don't have anything to apologize for
Gwenevere Abriel: You just say, Excuse me, and just go handle it. There's not an issue. Okay, I know we're all we have all our kids home and especially you. That's kind of that's just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing. Nothing to worry about. Um, but there's another thing that I want to do with you this morning, which has to do with i'd like to develop what's called an anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that sound familiar to okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: These rooms might take
Gwenevere Abriel: We might get done today or it might take three or four sessions it all sort of depends on what you say there's no wrong way for you to do it, but it takes as long as it takes. That's kind of the message.
Gwenevere Abriel: The way to think about an anchor room you'll hear me say, well, go to your room. You want to go to your room to go to your room. Hey, do you have a room. Where's your own. Do you ever go to it to think about it. And that's what I'll be talking about is, it's your happy place.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for a second. I want you to think about maybe some time in your life where you did have like this crate happy place. Maybe it was this closet or maybe there was this wooded area.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you felt like this so amazing. So when I say happy place you're safe happy places it's something that you kind of already have and you're familiar with.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah definitely be my room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. So you kind of know my point right there are some rooms that we're kind of still anxious in and we're kind of not as comfortable and then there's other rooms that we kind of feel a little bit more at ease.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's kind of what the point is. So this kind of room that I'm going to be developing with you is not based on memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is your imagination. This is the right side of the brain that side of the brain that came up with the metaphor right of the hot air balloon for maybe letting go of a negative thought it's the same side of the brain that came up with the fault container.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's that creative side or the one that comes up with a cool way to do makeup. It's that part, the one that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not stuck in memory. It can just come up with anything it wants to. It's completely free in the story. It can be creative.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what this room is the only time I'm going to dip into memory on purpose. You're going to naturally do it on your own. Because I I know how the human brain works, but
Gwenevere Abriel: As far as what I'm directing it's really only three times. I'm going to be specific about memory, memory, memory, only three times the rest of it. I'm going to be inviting your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no way you can do this wrong. You might be tempted to say, oh, I'm doing this wrong. I want to give her this right answer. Nope. Whatever comes up for you. That's what I'm interested in. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm looking for sort of that you know like free association, you know, whatever that first thought is that comes to mind, that's kind of the thing I'm looking for
Gwenevere Abriel: Where to start
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to start with.
Gwenevere Abriel: An open ended question because we kind of need to have a place to start when you think about where you are in your self growth and your development. Where are you still feeling a little blocked on the little stuck.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely the anxiety. Okay, you know, put it in a full sentence anxiety sits there in the middle, but it's not a full sentence. Let me hear
Bianca Garcia: Well, I feel a little walked with God. I mean, I am a progress a little, I think. But, um, I
Don't know, I guess.
Bianca Garcia: Just not really having normal life right now with this whole pandemic, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the ones that I'm trying to cope with. Okay. So is this what you just said. I feel a little blocked around my anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: About the pandemic.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's more detail than that, see if that's not quite it
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be living normal you know staying at home.
Bianca Garcia: And not really able to interact with family or friends, or you just
Bianca Garcia: You know, be wanting to be when you do have to go get necessities, like, you know, you have to stay away from people. It's not like normal. So it's kind of hard to deal with.
Is more I'm trying to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I go get to maybe make an if statement. And I know it's fuzzy, but try and again when I go get necessities. I feel when I go out
When I go get necessities.
Bianca Garcia: To go or when I go get necessities i don't know i i just feel this anxiety from, you know, worrying about being too close to people or, you know, who could be
Infected effective with the virus.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what have you tried to do to try to address your anxiety and worry
Bianca Garcia: Well, I just take the the safety precautions, you know, and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Bianca Garcia: That's it. That's all I do. I just do what I
Bianca Garcia: Can to stay protected.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's Bridget back to
Gwenevere Abriel: That anxiety that you just described.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just sort of picture that it's time you're going to go shopping. You're going to have to be around people while you get those necessities, maybe some of them are infected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you notice that in your body.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to have to think about it right now in order to get that sense. So imagine, today's the day you're gonna have to go in 20 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens
Bianca Garcia: Well I, I think I feel it more like, Well, I just think about it i don't know if i feel that i don't know if i noticed failing or, I guess, like if you get like this, like, like when you're nervous or like those butterflies, like you're like oh my gosh, like you're anxious to get it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so make an if statement I get nervous, kind of, own it a little bit more
Bianca Garcia: No more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, only because you were saying. You and I know it's not about me. And I know that's just a play on words but it makes a difference. So maybe talk more about your butterflies, not mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it sounds really weird, but just give it a shot. Oh yeah obviously would be boring but saying it that way, feels different. When
Bianca Garcia: I when I feel the butterflies. I just feel anxious and I feel nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I feel butterflies. I feel anxious
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a sense of almost the butterflies. There's aware of the body first butterflies and then it comes up with a label and it's anxious
Gwenevere Abriel: When trying to track it back in time member I was saying that I was going to ask a couple of history questions. There's not a lot of them. There's just a few in this exercise.
Gwenevere Abriel: But try to go back in time, let's use what's called regression. And let's go back in time feel those butterflies, maybe, maybe even close your eyes. I'm not staring at you, minor close to try to turn inward and feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: Butterfly experience and knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: All I'm going to have to go out
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm gonna have to get necessities and someone might have a virus. And so there there are those butterflies.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now just focus on the butterflies in the stomach, trying to see how old that is that physical feeling try to go back in time and see check in. Was it there when you were 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it there when you were 1514 1312 just keep walking back each year prior year toggling yes no yes it was there just sort of watch and see how old this is
I think it's like
In mid 20s.
Really remember going that far back and feeling like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's find out. So go close your eyes. Again, if you can. Let's go back and check it out to go back to 19
Gwenevere Abriel: sheepish about life and how it felt to be you at 19
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know how do you know those butterflies were not there. How do you have a sense that they weren't there because I was more care. Listen, I
Bianca Garcia: Because I matured. I had more of
Like cautions and worries then then and I had not really that many responsibilities also
As a young adult
Gwenevere Abriel: So you get a sense that there's caution. There's responsibility in your 20s, where there really was. You were careless at age 19
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, it wasn't like, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, what else happened in your 20s was a big responsibility.
Bianca Garcia: Well, at 19 yeah I wasn't a mother to 20. I think that's probably hit a little more, but not as much
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't remember being like, I remember just like it being more joyful and you know just more care.
Bianca Garcia: Not like careless, but how do I say like where it wasn't so much worry like now as in
Gwenevere Abriel: Explain that. So there is a term that's similar one you're using. It's called care free is that you think that's it. There you go. Okay, so we'll go carefree and joyful joyful.
Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: I mean, it's nothing. I'm not happy. You know, I just want to put that out.
Bianca Garcia: But it's just like, I don't know. It was different than it was like you know when you're young, you're more like your prime and you're more you know carefree more happy or, you know, I don't know, it's just I don't know how to explain it. That's how I remember it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well you answered the question I asked you will howdy how confidence for how do you know that it didn't exist at 19 and you're explaining. Oh, I know because I was carefree I was joyful. I was in the prime of my life and I was happier period.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we might know it if we looked at 18 as well. We might see that same description. Is that right, yeah. And 1716
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still carefree joyful, even though I had there was issues. I do. I don't remember like worrying about him or carry that much about them. So yeah, it was more like less worrying about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now. And you thought, Well, I did have issues. What age were those issues present
Bianca Garcia: Um, I think, like after 16 like 1617
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well where those issues.
Bianca Garcia: Wow, I was like a teenager and I was not a good teenager and mean my mom didn't get a lot, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you want to do that. She did not want you to do like probably going now We have friends and
Probably smoking, we
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, she didn't want me to be doing this stuff. So we would clash now and how was she had communicating her beliefs, as a parent, how much, how did she communicate her preference.
Oh,
Bianca Garcia: I don't remember having that much good communication. So that's why we just argue about it. Instead of talking about it. So yeah, I don't think, her, her communication was that great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so here's the neat thing about communication that word, I can be communicating something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not saying a word communication can also be our words but it can be the absence of words to so she was doing something. I wonder what she said back then. What did she say back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: To communicate her preference, please don't go out. I don't want you smoking. I don't want you going out, what, how would it have sound and what would have looked like on her.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I know that she she when she's mad, she doesn't say much. She keeps it in and then at one point it'll just come out and it's fighting
Bianca Garcia: Over it. So yeah, she didn't really say much until we were like yelling and arguing over whatever it was, you know, so I don't know what exactly your words. But that's our remember it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you saying that weeks might go by mom can see you sneaking out staying out late, she knows you're smoking and she's not saying anything.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, she's like yeah, she would say stuff that she she would a first it out after a while, and
Gwenevere Abriel: How long how long, how long
I don't think week so maybe like a week talks, maybe, and then it would be arguing, but
Gwenevere Abriel: So if she were to start that
Gwenevere Abriel: How does an argument start or you come in at her, or to she typically she would have started it with something, she said.
Bianca Garcia: Probably something I was doing. And then she was finally just first out mad and angry about that because it was like repeated behavior about like going out friends and stuff and. And then finally, which is just, you know, she just finally said something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, now I get it. Let's see if we can get a little closer.
Gwenevere Abriel: She sound like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. You're such an idiot. No, probably not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, she will
Bianca Garcia: Cost or call me names, but she would just like go out, she would. I don't know how it would sound to be honest journey. Think about it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have a little quiet. Let's, let's just have the quiet to let that memory come up. Okay, let's just turn to that memory, pull it up a little bit. She's not here now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just see her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of reaching that week talk out can't be quiet anymore. And now she is blowing up. Try and get a sense of what she looks like maybe even kind of where she's standing
I can't think of anything.
Bianca Garcia: Bad memory. I can't think of one thing of her shoe standing or how it became about
The argument.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know it was a wall up
Bianca Garcia: Because that's how she was. She's always been
Gwenevere Abriel: Your hands and motion like her. What is blow up look like in her hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: knows me, mainly or no. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. Yeah. So it's something, she said. And there's a particular volume, probably to it. I'm try on a few will rule them out. So I noticed I did one just to see
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice that she probably wouldn't call you names.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she would burst out doing something I said it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Such
Gwenevere Abriel: A not. I think it was more for boys here.
Bianca Garcia: Boy, do you have to go out, or why
Bianca Garcia: Are you doing this or
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like that. And why do you have to go out
Gwenevere Abriel: Why are you doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I hear a little bit more of how it sounded
Um,
Well, I can't give you like exact
Okay. Yeah, really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we've gotten here. We got a lot further than we were before by doing what we're doing. Let's keep doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we got it we got some words check on the volume. So you're just going to role play can tell your family. Hey, I'm about to shout has nothing to do with you. You can tell them if you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Give it a shot. See what happens when you actually raise your voice a little bit
Bianca Garcia: Why are you going to worry going outside or who is a
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that yelling to you.
Bianca Garcia: Know, but I don't want to really yell.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I don't know. I don't see the need for me to yell I'm explaining
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you froze. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go. We got you back. Oh, how did it feel to even begin to raise your voice just now. What was that like for you.
Oh, I don't
Bianca Garcia: Like to raise my voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. I know you don't like it, and what did it feel like we're in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just now, and then you said Why don't see what the point and kind of I know what happened. I was here to what happened to you when I kind of keep pushing and I'm asking you to actually raise your voice a little bit. How did it feel to raise your voice.
Bianca Garcia: My heart just started pumping
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Bianca Garcia: And I felt like embarrassed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Embarrassed like with a witness me as the witness or someone else are you thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you hear me OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the heart was pumping a little bit of embarrassment and then you said why don't you understand what the point of this as I'm explaining it to menu. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You explained. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just kind of move between what that was just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get a sense of that butterfly kind of flip flop between butterfly and what just happened that embarrassment. I'm sorry, excuse me.
Bianca Garcia: Departure. You don't need to ask
You know where it is.
Sorry, I don't know why she asked me for charger. She knows me the charger is
Gwenevere Abriel: She's married, they're doing their virtual process as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Move between butterflies.
Gwenevere Abriel: And embarrassment.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can distinguish in your body. The difference. Just make sure they're really different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number. Got to go out and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be around people that may or may not have it. Okay, so there's that butterfly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then go to what just happened in here together.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, are they the same, are they different, how are they different. How are they the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention, how they feel in your body differently or similarly
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, in a way, embarrassment is similar, because I feel
Embarrassed to wear masks, stuff like that, even though it's for all safety. It's a little ridiculous and um
Bianca Garcia: Yeah. And then I and then I feel the anxiousness when people are too close and don't want the personal space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so is there. Stay with there for a second. Has there been a time when you wanted to tell someone or did tell them hey could you step back a little bit.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, usually I'm the one who will step back and, like, be like, like I think I feel like if I do it to be like, Oh, I remember. Let me step back, you know, when I haven't had to
Bianca Garcia: Feel do it like there'll be too close. And then if I like move up or state back or whatever, like if I'm in front of the line there behind me to close.
Bianca Garcia: And I backed up. They have to back up, obviously, but I haven't had to confront anybody because they obviously get it with the little hand side through
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was the last time you had to confront someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Like in Public Enemy ever
Bianca Garcia: Oh, um, no hasn't been anytime recent
Gwenevere Abriel: And when was the last time you had to contract someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see me think about this time.
Bianca Garcia: Well, actually I was a boy was like six months, like right before I like happy after I moved here.
The, the maintenance person. I had to go for
Gwenevere Abriel: Me here. How would you say
Bianca Garcia: Well, they just wanted to walk in my house. And I said, No, that doesn't have goes, you need to have 24 hour notice you can just walk in somebody's house because you're the maintenance.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, and and he thought that
Bianca Garcia: He could do whatever he wants his Antoni tell you, it could go in and and I had to tell the landlord, and I'm like, No, this is. And he's like, yeah, you're right. Does it go like that. So they had to put him straight but I don't know who to heat. He thought he gave them that thorny
Right.
Bianca Garcia: Luckily, I was here to if not even just came in my house. So I was alone during
Gwenevere Abriel: That feeling of embarrassment.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you were talking about earlier was that there at
Gwenevere Abriel: Was any out there.
Possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking was just just now more cuz I'm a newer things. And I don't know if it's because I'm older. Or what if, like I said back then, it was more like carefree I was embarrassed too much. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a real sense that something right in that
Gwenevere Abriel: After I gave birth. Is that what I'm hearing after I became a mother. No, I don't think it was after I think it was like after the like the third child or
Bianca Garcia: My second child that started
Gwenevere Abriel: So what was different, you know,
I don't know if I just
Were wiser about myself or or maybe it's self esteem. I don't know what it is, like, I know.
Bianca Garcia: I just got more shy, like you said,
Bianca Garcia: Or anti social. I don't know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not feeling carefree not feeling joyful. Not happier. After that, that third child something changed seems like
Gwenevere Abriel: Not the new happiness. It was it's more like I am not carefree anymore. I'm more like
Bianca Garcia: careful and cautious and
Bianca Garcia: More bears. Now, or, you know, like, like more anxious or more anxiety. It's more of all those things that stress fullness, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's go without them just about a day and age, after third child. How old are you,
Bianca Garcia: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have a nickname back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. What was it be be
Gwenevere Abriel: Be isn't Bianca.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, the letter B as in boy. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's two times I've asked you about age. I'm sorry, memory, I asked them, Is the earliest time and then I just asked him nickname number. I said, I'm going to do three
Gwenevere Abriel: So we already are already covered the history taking stuff. So the rest of this, the majority of it is really going to be developing
Gwenevere Abriel: This room. So I want you to now should kind of look around the room here and now kind of look at this place that you're in and kind of check it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now comes the creative stuff. I want you to imagine a room attached to this home don't block yourself with censoring
Gwenevere Abriel: Where would it be attached. How big would it be and what's in it, whatever's in it. I want to know.
What's this tax.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure.
This row.
Like, like what's in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's start over. You have all these questions when it was an invitation, but you're asking me, so let's start over. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me okay yes so you know what a fantasy is right. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's where you're about to go okay ready
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like you to picture a room that's attached to this home you're in now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be any size and shape. You can be attached in any way you want. Try not to edit yourself. I'd like to know the first things that come to mind when I say you can add a room to this home what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it could be realistic or not unrealistic like it could be anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: BIANCA put your little toe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just tell me what you thought of.
That
Bianca Garcia: Cruise that's first one I thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and tell me about it. So pictured an actual cruise what
Well, there's obviously a lot of things to do so.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I could picture when I was there, and it was it was actually really stunning
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's in there, describe what you see that is stunning.
Like this beautiful elevator and all the stores and ocean and doll fans and beautiful beaches and just these different countries or
Bianca Garcia: Countries that we went to. It was just amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you by crews are you referring to a ship.
Yeah, like a friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice the walls of that cruise ship just notice if there are any wall just to get a sense of where you are in that imagery, I noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful elevator and all the stores and you were seeing the ocean and the dolphins and is there. Are you in a room or where are you on that cruise ship.
Bianca Garcia: I think I was like in the lobby, because that's where the elevator and all the lights were at
Gwenevere Abriel: Later, and there's flights describe the lights to me.
Bianca Garcia: Well, it was like a bright yellow. It was not like the white light. It was at the yellow lights and it was like a turquoise color lights also on the elevator.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they also had lights like on the stairs to each like like it's like a circle all the way going up, you know, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Floor. So I have like on the under
The rails.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel emotionally in this space.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does the body feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Being
Gwenevere Abriel: feels normal. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna put this little exercise we're going to put this as something to continue to work on and develop
Gwenevere Abriel: You did fantastic
Gwenevere Abriel: I was asking you to kind of go to that that fantasy and although there was some trepidation like, Well, I want to know the rules are you eventually you left went for it. And as soon as you left, then all these descriptions, even these
Gwenevere Abriel: Adjectives just came rolling out then they just flowed. That's what I'm looking for. There's no wrong way for you to do this, I can do it wrong. So I've got to keep an eye on me, but you can't do it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Bianca Garcia: No cuz I was like wait, what does she want me to say like, I'm like, does she want me to say like I'm adding an extra room to my house or like you know me wanting that for my house. I don't know what I was thinking. But yeah, it seemed like I was trying to follow some rules you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, okay. That's okay. So that's part of what the therapist is doing. I'm thinking, I'll do all that work for you. All you have to do the same. When you're in group to
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever this thing that comes up for you, whatever that thought is feeling, whatever the belief
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the things that we're interested in. Want to know what is coming back with that means what's coming up. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just thought of a cruise ship. Well, then we want to know. But if you scratch that down and say that's not what one. Once we just had a missed opportunity. So try not to edit yourself. Okay, good. All right. Nicely done.
Bianca Garcia: Do I do that a lot, though right it in myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, um, here's what I see you ask a lot of questions to make sure you understand correctly.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all you ask questions.
Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So remind me. Do you have enough medication to get you to your next service or should I message your doc.
Bianca Garcia: No, I'm good talk tomorrow for group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Coco. Cool. All right. Let's schedule another appointment and what some
Gwenevere Abriel: Chinese good he's someone's getting restless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Bianca Garcia: And my door is closed and you could hear her.
Gwenevere Abriel: healthy lungs.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thinking I'm thinking, how about
Gwenevere Abriel: Although it's not next week is the following. At 1210 on April 30 next individual is April 30 at 1210 ok ok and then so when we're in group just say hey we're scheduled for April 30 at 1210 and we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. Oh, I'll see you tomorrow. Bye bye.